Provide feedback about the following topics:

1. Is the project organized modularly, with Make as the workflow manager?
It seems that you didn't have time to write make file and polish your project. But I believe you will do this finally! 

2. Does the project use both Python (Pandas specifically) and R (Tidyverse specifically) scripts?
It seems you haven't uploaded the python script. I remember in the slide Dr. Biggs mentioned that "the data wrangling for this project needs to be done in Python". Remember to meet this requirement. ^_^

3. Is Docker used to define execution environments appropriately?
Same as the first item. Remember to use docker and make since they weight a lot in the grader grading rubric.

4. Are the plots appropriate for the data types, the hypotheses being tested, and the points being communicated?
Yes. You did a good job in visualizing the distributions about staying length. They all look very nice! And I noticed you did different kind of plots (histogram, hex plot and bar plot). One small suggestion is to do some statistical analysis if you have time and want to make it better. But I think these plots are already really good! 

5. How can the project be organized or documented more clearly?
Keep working on the analysis part and add some interpretations in the final report may be good points. And I like your shiny app idea! Can't wait to see it in your final report.

6. Is the purpose of the project communicated clearly?
Yes. You addressed two questions trying to answer. I think it's better to add more details and keep it in your final report. 

7. Does the purpose of the project make sense from the client’s point of view? How could the project better serve the client?
Yes. I think you may address what you did in your report to make it clearer for UMD. It may be better to give them some suggestions according to your conclusions. 

8. Is the source of the data made clear? (Remember that this project can be part of your public portfolios, so people not familiar with UMD may see it).
Yes. You introduced UMD and some backgrounds in the README file. I really like the table you made to describe the datasets provided by UMD! 

9. Is the interpretation of figures clearly explained?
It seems you haven't finished the report (at least until Sunday morning). Please keep in mind to interpret your results properly. ^_^

10. Is the purpose and interpretation of analysis steps clearly communicated?
Same as the last question.

11. Are overall take-home messages clearly communicated?
Yes. Remember to finish the analysis, make file, docker file and report including interpretations on time. I am sure you will do a good job! Hope to see your shiny app!


Thanks!



